limeslaw|This is like coleslaw but not creamy or anything, just limey.|4 cups of cabbage (1/3 to 1/2 a head), 2 tbs olive oil, 1 lime, 1/4 cup cilantro, salt, pepper|1. Chop the cabbage as thinly as you have the energy to.  2. Get as much zest and juice out of the lime as possible. Mix up the lime and oil, then mix it into the cabbage. Then mix in the cilantro.  3. The trickiest part is seasoning. A heaping 1/4 tsp salt is about the right amount. Not too much pepper, just sort of lightly dust, then toss.  4. Then leave it sit for half an hour to let the other parts soak up liminess.
green chili|a spicy stewlike mix of green chiles and usually pork, jalapeños, onions, tomatoes, and various seasonings.|3 chilacas, 7 anaheim chilis, 6 tomatillos, 1 onion, 1 pound pork loin, 1 cube chicken bouillon, 1 heaping tsp oregano, 1 heaping tsp cumin, salt, oil, corn starch|1. Chop up the pork and cook with plenty of salt and oil til it's not pink.  2. Blend all the other stuff.  3. Cook on low for 2 hours. Duration not too important, you can trade heat for time with only minor loss of tastiness.  4. At the end, you need to thicken.  5. Double check that you are using corn starch, NOT baking soda.  6. Then take about 2 spoons of corn starch and mix in a bit of the chili. Keep mixing in a bit of chili until it seems to be approximately the same temperature as the chili. Then mix it into the main chili itself. This is necessary because the corn starch needs to heat up slowly.
cake|a flour confection made from flour, sugar, and other ingredients, and is usually baked|2 cups sugar, 1 3/4 cups all-purpose flour, 3/4 cup cocoa, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 1/2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup boiling water|1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour two 9-inch round baking pans.  2. In a large bowl, combine the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add eggs, milk, oil and vanilla. Mix until smooth.  Stir in boiling water (batter will be thin). Pour batter into prepared pans.  3. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool completely.